yeah I'll present two little thanks and
we achieve this week when I believe it
will be important or actually one is a
big thing the first one is still a lot
of people order reporting hard it is to
really understand the lies the baseline
to contribute to any law projects like
when you do it for requests one of the
things that you have to follow to make
sure that the for requests can get
accepted or are just like give a tool
for the core contributors the core
reviewers to help others that want to
contribute to the project level by
themselves without having a single
person trying to teach everyone and so
we have in the past some cookie reading
guidelines familiar with the sweep of
the community recall you might remember
that we have in the past like
contributing 120 billion to could you
bring forego doing for Jess
and then there was a clearing foul on
the girl repo top 101 and there is no
pinfalls and the other repos and so it
was a big mess like just really hard to
send one of us up-to-date one was not
up-to-date into was okay fine for the
things about yes computing Jess and so
if you open contributing directly today
finally we have a thing that explains
out that I think a girl like where to
find informations about the protocol
design I like where you can get your
questions answered and also like these
guesses like how to approach like big
changes as issues what to do about for
requests it points you if you have
agreed to go GIC points into the
specifically guys it takes point like
what is what why is it called after me
all the time and so what you have to do
to sign here to means what about their
certification for revise all those
things take into account that this is
kind of like policing multiple dogs that
exists for a long time and so they might
not be up to date right now but now you
have a place where you can pull request
against and have a discussion with the
rest of the team and say hey I think
this isn't represent the current set of
things that's updated or hey I think
there is a way to place to improve how
we do pull requests with you so what's
updated here rather than and try to like
find little dogs
then they go to go they go contributing
guidelines you would think that these
physically fools all the details that
were on the offense repo only and you
could see like there's like some
repeated information again I think
commit messages and so on we should like
to just decide to do this for now repos
or opener so yeah let's make sure to
review these you will see that the GS
one is the one that is like a little bit
more up to date and so yes just one not
only codes all - I I think about code
and testing releasing documentation even
like
convey messages and now when you use the
stomach message just to create change so
when someone pushes that comments like
they just as a way to say hey kid you
can we
these committees messages guidelines and
I kind of like rename your committees
because that makes it nice for us the
other thing it also adds is like the
tech leads and Malema dinners so it
explains what is the limit of a module
what is responsibilities what people
should have should be doing and now to
become Eliminator so if there's a likely
to contributor that is very interested
on like helping the effort by becoming a
limiter we explain how to do that
this is physically avoid the dose by
instead of having a single person
typically Steven on go and to answer to
all of your requests every way that like
would it be contributors can just like
point like please read this and a lotta
Lotta PR so that when it's level that
it's more ready to get much and yeah
this is it so we kind of like refresh
all of these please make sure to check
it out we all show up then as a remade
so that it's more readable and easy to
find to answer one final question is
like why are the computing guidelines or
the community repo it's an excellent
question
the reason is historically we have that
community repo and so this is a
community contributing at once and so
like the these code things just fell
here we we don't have a vendor repo just
put these things and so far my people
are used to putting them here and it
works
it also means like it's they are on the
same repo where people talk about the
events and playing meetups which is also
Community Links but yeah we might have
fought those if you make sense for now
they are here any questions
you you don't get an answer if you have
that file
yes
so you're my PFS and historically a
contributed MD and like what a that is a
week four is actually a contributing MD
and so Molly actually already did a tour
request to change a dog and so now what
you're saying is it's not about having
specific details about how to contribute
to the project at the top of people
point to the other side if you go to the
the GS modules you will see the like
this has been a practice program and it
just makes it very easy because when
there is a new issue like a new computer
creating a new issue or new pull request
it up shows like as you say that banner
it's like how like it seems like it's
your first time could you briefly
project make sure to read the
contributing guidelines and so instead
of my victims age like 300 repose which
is updating one place and then all the
other ones just look like a pointer to
the main one
yeah maybe two questions ready game is
alright cool so I was just like stop the
video
talk about the other